Improve grammar of README (#354)
NodeSecure/js-x-ray: README.md

The analysis will return: `http` (in try), `crypto`, `util` and `fs`.

> [!TIP]

> > There are also a lot of suspicious code example sin the `./examples` directory. Feel free to try the tool on these files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There are also a lot of suspicious code examples in the `./examples` directory. Feel free to try the tool on these files.
```
